♪
(man)
Alito losing his
battle to Yuma Tsukumo
and then getting attacked
is most troubling news.
How could he
be so reckless?
He was lucky
you found him.
What
happened?
Tell me!
Attacked...
Who did
this to you?
It's...
Ray...
(growls)
I'm gonna
make this right!
Do not
forget, Girag.
We now only have one Barian
Sphere Cube in our possession.
Yeah, and I'll use
that Cube to avenge Alito!
I can't wait until
I get to duel that punk!
No, Girag, do not allow
emotions to cloud our goals!
We are here to
retrieve Yuma's Numbers,
not to
get revenge.
Is that
clear?
Uh, yeah,
crystal.
I am glad you
understand our priorities.
I am returning to Barian World
and taking Alito with me.
You will
remain here alone.
Do not
fail us, Girag!
Remember Barian World is
counting on you to succeed.
♪
Barian World
can wait!
Revenge for
Alito can't!
♪
♪ Still
together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided
we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't
stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we
ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip
up today ♪
♪ You just
wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear
down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the
final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us
fight together ♪
♪ Regret
it never ♪
♪ Our dreams
will be ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach
down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that
we can do ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep
breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway
to Forever ♪♪
♪
Question: Why am I
being chased by a dog
first thing
in the morning?
Answer, because I took
the Ray Way to school!
Well, you know that it
could be worse, don't you?
(barking)
You're right, five
dogs does make it worse!
(shouting)
(Yuma)
Man, I had no idea my
body could move that fast!
(Tori)
Are you
two okay?
Oh, yeah,
never better!
Well, maybe
not never...
(Bronk)
Sounds like you
took the Ray way.
(Tori)
Sure does.
Uh, I'm
sorry, Yuma.
I guess the Ray way usually
ends up being the wrong way.
I'll say,
in the end,
your ideas
always end the same,
with pain
and trouble.
Yeah, you'd have to be
nuts to take his shortcuts.
My bad,
Yuma.
Hey, it's
okay, Ray.
At least your way
is never ever boring!
You
think so?
know why?
It's really hard
to get bored...
When there's major danger
right around the corner.
(laughing)
Hey,
Yuma.
I haven't seen
Astral at all today.
I know...
Dueling's been
taking a lot out of him,
especially our
last two matches.
Ever since we fought Mizar and
Alito in those Sphere Fields,
Astral's been in
really bad shape.
So right now he's staying
in the Key trying to heal up.
(Girag)
Yuma Tsukumo!
♪
Oh great,
Girag!
This can't
be good.
(Astral)
Be careful, Yuma.
I am certain nothing good
can come of his appearance.
(shouting)
Astral!
(Girag)
I'm glad
I found you!
I need you to pass
along an invite for me!
To who?
To your
pal, Ray.
Tell him I'll be waiting to
duel him at the Refineries.
He better
show or else
'cause I don't deal too
well with disappointment!
Why Ray?
What do you
need with him?
I got a score to settle
with that sniveling sneak.
Hold on Girag, what
did Ray ever do to you?
It's not what
he did to me.
It's what he
did to Alito!
You see your little
friend attacked him
and left him in
real bad shape!
Wait, Ray
hurt Alito?
That's right and
now it's payback time!
Hold on, there's no way
that Ray could have done that!
How do you
know, huh?
Because...
Yeah,
because what?
(Yuma)
Because...
That would mean
he planned it,
and Ray's plans
never work out.
I've got the
scars to prove it!
(nervous giggling)
Well, I guess they do say
honesty is the best policy.
If you don't
believe me,
ask Ray
yourself!
I'll be
waiting for him!
♪
Why do you look
so troubled, Yuma?
It's Alito.
Even though he's from
Barian World, I like him.
Weird right...
and I just...
I just can't
believe that Ray
would want to or even
be able to attack him!
I know it can't be true,
but I'm afraid to ask Ray
about it in case I don't
like what he has to tell me!
I'm so
confused!
Rather than
confusion,
why not employ your usual
mantra in situations like this?
What do
you mean?
Follow your instincts
and feel the flow!
♪
(Yuma)
Hey, Ray!
Hey there Yuma,
good morning!
I wanna
show you this.
I found a
new shortcut.
It's a perfectly safe
way to get to school!
Hang on, Ray, I have
something to ask you first...
How do I know
it's totally safe?
Well, I got up early and
took it all the way there.
Just to
make sure!
Don't worry!
You trust
me right?
Of course
I trust you.
Just
lead on, pal!
What could
possibly go wrong?
Not
a thing.
We
start here!
(Yuma)
The yard with
the pit bull?
Find him?
I checked
everywhere and nothing.
Hey guys,
what's up?
Uh, we're just
trying to find Yuma.
Yuma?
He ran off
after school.
Something about
crammin' for a test.
That's the
worst lie ever!
Bronk!
What's
that?
Are you
saying Yuma lied?
No, not
at all.
Never
mind.
Yeah, what
she said!
♪
Yuma, are you
certain this is wise?
A hundred
percent!
No, make that a
hundred and ten percent!
I think I know
where Yuma is, Bronk.
I bet he went to duel
Girag in Ray's place.
(Ray)
What do you mean
duel in my place?
♪
(Girag)
Looks like someone's
missing, Yuma!
Ray better show
up for your sake!
Where's your pal Ray, so
we can get this duel started?
He couldn't
make it Girag!
So you'll just
be losing to me!
So Girag told Yuma he
wanted to duel against me?
Yeah.
So that means...
Yuma did lie to me.
Well Ray, I'm sure Yuma had
his reasons for not telling you.
Where is
this duel?
Uh, why do
you wanna know?
Because Yuma went
to fight my duel,
and I can't let him
face that giant alone.
You sure that's
a good idea?
When you get
involved, things...
(Ray)
I know.
Things don't always end up
the way I planned them to.
But this time
will be different!
You gotta trust me
and take me to him!
I can't believe
Ray didn't show!
Enough, can't you just forget
about Ray already, Girag?
Besides I thought you
Barians wanted my Numbers,
so come
and get 'em!
I'm sick of you
messin' with my plans.
This is between
me and Ray, got it!
So why don't you
just butt out, okay!
Listen
up Girag,
the only way you're
getting to Ray is through me!
Why you
little...
All right, this calls
for a change of plan.
I'll crush
you and Ray!
(Ray)
Hold everything!
Ray,
you're here?
You shouldn't
have come!
This Girag guy
means serious business!
So then why did you
decide to come here and duel?
Well,
because...
Is it because you think I
can't take care of myself?
That I'll mess
things up like I do
with most
everything else?
No, you got
it wrong...
Look I know I'm
kinda new to dueling,
but I can't let you
fight my battles for me!
I get you.
I believe
in the Ray Way.
But what I can't
believe is that
you actually thought
I was gonna study.
If you two are
done chit-chattin',
how about I take the
both of you on in a duel?
I activate a
Barian Sphere Field!
♪
Oh no!
Whoa,
watch it!
♪
And now the duel I've been
waiting for is finally here!
You're gonna pay for
messin' up Alito, Ray!
Whoa, what are
you talking about?
I would never
hurt anyone!
Don't play dumb, Alito
said you attacked him!
And that's all
the proof I need!
Well, I've got all
the proof I need too!
Ray says he
didn't do it
and that's good
enough for me!
Yeah, you
tell him!
Be careful, Yuma.
Ray admitted he
is a novice and...
(cries out)
Astral,
what happened?
You okay?
Please do
not worry.
Yuma, this field...
its effects are harmful.
Stay in
the Key!
The field can't
hurt you there!
Not now, I must
remain, just in case.
Ray may make moves
that could endanger you.
I can help
remedy his errors.
Now... ready?
Count
on it.
Are you
all set, Ray?
Mhmm.
Duel Disk go!
Duel Gazer,
let's roll!
(yelling)
(Girag)
Go Barian
Battlemorph!
♪
He just went
from ugly to uglier!
Now
we duel!
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality
Vision Link established!
(all)
Let's Duel!
Prepare for the
beginning of your end!
I draw!
I summon
Fire Hand!
♪
My monster's fiery
force courses through me
like an
inferno,
but you two
will feel the burn!
(Astral)
Girag has equipped
himself with his own monster
to harness its
extraordinary might!
I didn't think
it was possible
but now he's
even scarier!
Yeah, this'll
give me nightmares!
I place one card
facedown and end my turn!
Here I go, time to
get things started!
My turn!
I draw!
I'll show you, you don't
have to worry about me!
First up I'm
playing this card.
I summon
Shining Destroyer!
♪
(gasping)
Why'd he
do that?
Something tells me
that was a bad move.
I summoned
a monster
with zero attack
points in attack mode!
You made a
brilliant move, Ray!
Any more turns like
that and you and Yuma
will be
crushed in no time!
Yuma, I am
so sorry!
Well everybody
makes mistakes, Ray.
That is true, but I
have not seen a mistake
that awful in
quite some time!
And please remember
that includes all
of your duels
that I have witnessed.
Well, nobody's perfect but
I come pretty close, don't I?
Uh, Yuma?
Don't worry
about a thing!
All you gotta do is
feel the flow, Ray!
Right,
I'll try.
Yuma, need
I remind you
that our foe hails
from Barian World?
We need to
duel flawlessly.
That may not be
possible with Ray.
I know but Ray and
I are a team now.
I've got to look out
for him more than ever.
That's what friends
do for each other.
Okay, I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Hear that?
My turn!
I draw!
I summon
Dododo Buster!
I can summon this
card without tributing
by lowering
its Level by 2!
Yuma, if you want to
win the duel as well
as keep
your Numbers,
you must
strengthen your defense!
If I strengthen
my defenses,
Ray may
get attacked!
Yes,
but...
I have to
protect Ray.
He doesn't know
how to do it himself.
But
Yuma...
(moans)
Oh no,
Astral...
Next I'll summon
my Ganbara Knight!
♪
Whoa, he's got
two Level 4 monsters!
And next I'll
overlay my Level 4
Dododo Buster
and Ganbara Knight!
With these two
monsters, I build
the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Number 39:
Utopia!
♪
That
should do it!
I place one card face
down and end my turn.
You must be relieved that
it is my turn and not Ray's,
so you do not have to worry
about another foolish mistake!
And now
I draw!
I summon
Ice Hand!
♪
He's equipped himself
with another monster!
Yes, and that is
just the beginning!
I overlay my Level 4
Fire Hand and Ice Hand!
♪
(shouts)
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
♪
I Xyz summon
Number 106!
Giant Hand!
♪
Another Number
over a hundred!
Yes, and there is
not a better monster
with which to
avenge Alito!
Prepare to
pay, Ray!
Go,
Giant Hand!
Attack his
Shining Destroyer!
Go,
Giant Hand!
Attack his
Shining Destroyer!
(yelling)
Hold on!
I activate Utopia's
special ability!
I use one Overlay Unit to
stop your monster's attack!
You stopped
my attack?
Clever, but not
as clever as this.
I activate Giant
Hand's special ability!
By using one
Overlay Unit,
your monster's
special ability is negated!
Go Upper Hand
Drillbit Demise!
♪
That was just a
taste of what awaits!
With Giant Hand on the field,
you will be squashed in seconds,
because Utopia cannot
use its special abilities!
But Utopia's still stronger
than your Giant Hand!
If that is what you believe,
go ahead and attack!
But you will learn
how very wrong you are!
Oh, yeah?
Explain
yourself.
And ruin
the surprise?
Not a
chance!
Now back to
the task at hand!
You have kept me from
crushing Ray long enough!
Giant Hand,
Attack!
(explosions)
(yelling)
♪
You
all right?
Yeah, I'll
be fine Yuma.
Girag, however, won't
be after what's next.
I activate Shining
Destroyer's special ability!
Since it was destroyed, you get
hit with 600 points of damage!
Not if I activate
the trap Hand Block!
When I have a hand
monster on my field,
this trap prevents me
from taking any damage
from your Shining
Destroyer's special ability!
But you on the other
hand are not so lucky!
It seems to me that
you do not have a grasp
of what your monster
can actually do.
When Shining
Destroyer is destroyed,
it deals 600 points of
damage to all the players!
Wait, are you saying
that we take damage?
That
is right!
Now why not use your last
remaining seconds to think
about all the
dueling mistakes
that brought you to
this moment, Ray.
It has been
my pleasure.
Yeah, blast
him Destroyer!
(explosion)
(shouting)
Yuma,
Ray!
Ah,
no way!
♪
Hey are you
okay, Ray?
Yeah, but I'd be better if
my monster hadn't blasted us!
Yeah, that's the
thing about dueling.
You have to expect
the unexpected!
(Astral)
Yuma...
Astral!
You must reassess your
approach to this duel!
By protecting Ray, you are
leaving yourself vulnerable.
But...
I can't!
I just can't turn my
back on a friend, Astral.
Listen
to me.
I know exactly
how you feel,
but this duel
may be my last.
There are
no "buts."
I will never give up
on any of my friends.
I am not sure how
much longer I...
(shouting)
♪
Astral,
speak to me!
Astral, no!
Astral!
Can you
hear me?
♪
Astral!